zoo10	X	is a facility in which animals are confined within enclosures, displayed to the public
zoo9 	X 	a place where live animals are kept, studied, bred, and exhibited to the public
zoo8 	X	 a large place where many types of wild animals are kept, usually in cages, so that people can see them
zoo7 	X	 an area in which animals, esp. wild animals, are kept so that people can go and look at them:
zoo6 	X	 The zoo is a place where animals are kept so that people may come and see them.
zoo5 	X	 An establishment that maintains a collection of wild animals, typically in a park or gardens, for study, conservation, or display to the public.
zoo4 	X	 A park or an institution in which living animals are kept and usually exhibited to the public. Also called zoological garden.
zoo3 	X	 a place where many kinds of animals are kept so that people can see them
zoo2 	X 	Also called zoological garden. a parklike area in which live animals are kept in cages or large enclosures for public exhibition.
zoo1 	X 	an establishment that maintains a collection of wild animals, typically in a park or gardens, for study, conservation, or display to the public.
mov8 	X 	a series of moving pictures, often telling a story, usually shown in a theater or on television; film
mov7 	X	 The definition of a movie is a motion picture or film produced for entertainment that tells a story.
mov6	X	A story or event recorded by a camera as a set of moving images and shown in a theater or on television; a motion picture.
mov5	X	a story or series of events recorded by a camera and shown as moving pictures on a screen in a theater or on television
mov4 	X 	A recorded sequence of film or video images displayed on a screen with sufficient rapidity as to create the illusion of motion and continuity.
mov3	X	motion-picture theater
mov2	X	a recording of moving images that tells a story and that people watch on a screen or television the movies : a showing of a movie in a theater; also : a movie theater
mov1	X	a story or event recorded by a camera as a set of moving images and shown in a theater or on television; a motion picture.
choc10	X	A confection produced from the fruit of the tropical tree Theobroma cacao. The fruit, known as cacao beans, are fermented, dried, roasted, and ground, and the resulting product is called cocoa liquor, which can be separated into cocoa butter, a smooth, solid fat used in both food and cosmetics, and cocoa powder
choc9	X	a food preparation made from roasted ground cacao seeds, usually sweetened and flavoured
choc8	X	a food made from roasted ground cacao beans
choc7	X	A food preparation in the form of a paste or solid block made from roasted and ground cacao seeds, typically sweetened:
choc6	X	The definition of chocolate is a food substance that is made with cacao beans mixed with sweetener, or having a deep brownish and reddish or grayish coloring.
choc5	X	 a food made from cocoa and often sugar, usually brown and eaten as candy or used in other food such as cakes:
choc4	X	Fermented, roasted, shelled, and ground cacao seeds, often combined with a sweetener or flavoring agent.
choc3	X	a food that is made from cacao beans and that is eaten as candy or used as a flavoring ingredient in other sweet foods
choc2	X	a preparation of the seeds of cacao, roasted, husked, and ground, often sweetened and flavored, as with vanilla.
choc1	X	a food preparation in the form of a paste or solid block made from roasted and ground cacao seeds, typically sweetened.